CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Reek

We welcome any and all contributions to Reek!

If what you’re proposing requires significant work discuss it beforehand
as an issue – it’s much easier for us to guide you towards a good
solution and less frustrating for you than doing a lot of work
only to find us suggesting large parts should be rewritten.

Don’t hesitate to offer trivial fixes (spelling, better naming
ideas, etc.) – we’ll let you know if you’re overdoing it. :)

## Reporting Issues

Search [all existing (open _and_ closed)
issues](https://github.com/troessner/reek/issues?q=is%3Aissue)
for a possible previous report; comment there if the issue is not
actually resolved properly or you have any additional information.

Include the steps to reproduce the issue,
the expected outcome and the actual outcome.

Include as much information as possible: the exact Reek
invocation that you use, Reek’s config and version, Ruby
version, Ruby platform (MRI, JRuby, etc.), operating system.

Try to provide a minimal example that reproduces the issue.
Extra kudos if you can write it as a failing test. :)

## Contributing features, bugfixes, documentation

### Getting started

Fork Reek, then clone it, make sure you have
[Bundler](http://bundler.io) installed, install dependencies
and make sure all of the existing tests pass:

```
git clone git@github.com:…username…/reek.git
cd reek
gem install bundler
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

Once you’re sure your copy of Reek works create your own feature branch from our "master" branch:

```
git checkout -b your_feature_or_fix_name
```

Make sure you have read our [style guide](docs/Style-Guide.md) before you
start contributing.

Then start hacking and add new tests which make sure that your new feature works or
demonstrate that your fix was needed.

### RSpec Specs

Reek uses [Rspec](http://rspec.info/) for unit and functional testing.

We're trying to follow [betterspecs](http://betterspecs.org/). We're not using
RSpec's
[shared examples](https://www.relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-core/docs/example-groups/shared-examples)
because we find them rather harming than helpful. You can find an excellent
cheat sheet on how to write idiomatic Rspec
[here](http://www.rubypigeon.com/posts/rspec-core-cheat-sheet).

We do not use the popular "foo" / "bar" naming when it comes to the question
"how to come up with good example names?". Instead, we use the
[military alphabet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NATO_phonetic_alphabet) in
ascending order which means that we would write this

```Ruby
class Foo
  def bar(baz)
    baz.quux
  end
end
```

rather like this:

```Ruby
class Alfa
  def bravo(charlie)
    charlie.delta
  end
end
```

### Cucumber Features

Reek uses [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/) with
[Aruba](https://github.com/cucumber/aruba) for integration tests. Keep the
following in mind when writing cucumber features.

#### What to test

Not everything needs a cucumber feature. We try to limit cucumber features to
things that really require end-to-end testing of Reek's behavior. In
particular, this means individual smell detectors should not have their own
scenarios.

#### TTY output checks

Some default behaviors of Reek depend on whether the output is a TTY, for
example output coloring and the progress bar. Because under Aruba stdout is
*not* a TTY, Reeks default behavior in the scenarios is different in this
regard than if it were run in a terminal.

#### Failing Cucumber Scenarios

If there is a failing scenario and you cannot figure out why it is failing,
just run the failing scenario: `bundle exec cucumber
features/failing_scenario.feature:line`. By doing so Aruba will leave its set
up in the `tmp/aruba` directory. You can then `cd` into this directory and run
Reek the same way the cucumber scenario actually ran it. This way you can debug
scenario failures that can be very opaque sometimes.

### Writing new smell detectors

Please see [our separate guide](docs/How-To-Write-New-Detectors.md) for this.

### Creating your pull request

We care a lot about [good commit
messages](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

Once you’re happy with your feature / fix – or want to
share it as a work-in-progress and request comments – once
again make sure all of the tests pass. This will also run
[RuboCop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) – fix any
offences RuboCop finds (or discuss them in the pull request):

```
bundle exec rake
```

Once your code is ready for review push it to your repository:

```
git push -u origin
```

Then go to your GitHub fork and [make a pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)
to the original repository.

### Review and Fixes

Try to gauge and let us know in the pull request whether what
you propose is a backward-compatible bugfix and should go into the
next patch release, is a backward-compatible feature and should go
into the next minor release, or has to break backward-compatibility
and so needs to wait for the next major release of Reek. See also our
versioning policy below.

Once your PR is open someone will review it, discuss the details (if
needed) and either merge right away or ask for some further fixes.

GitHub doesn’t have a good way to amend pull requests from external
repositories. In cases where it’s easier to make a direct fix
to your pull request (rather than describing it in the comments)
we’ll either open a separate pull request to the branch in your
repository or ask you to give us commit access to your repository.

If there were any fixes to your pull request we’ll ask you to
[squash](http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History#Squashing-Commits)
all of the commits into one:

```
git rebase -i master
# squash squash squash
git push -f origin
```

## Versioning policy

We are following [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/).

If you're working on a change that is breaking backwards-compatibility
just go ahead with your pull request like normal. We'll discuss this then in
the pull request and help you to point your pull request to the right branch.

Commit message:

Enable exclusion of single files.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Reek

We welcome any and all contributions to Reek!

If what you’re proposing requires significant work discuss it beforehand
as an issue – it’s much easier for us to guide you towards a good
solution and less frustrating for you than doing a lot of work
only to find us suggesting large parts should be rewritten.

Don’t hesitate to offer trivial fixes (spelling, better naming
ideas, etc.) – we’ll let you know if you’re overdoing it. :)

## Reporting Issues

Search [all existing (open _and_ closed)
issues](https://github.com/troessner/reek/issues?q=is%3Aissue)
for a possible previous report; comment there if the issue is not
actually resolved properly or you have any additional information.

Include the steps to reproduce the issue,
the expected outcome and the actual outcome.

Include as much information as possible: the exact Reek
invocation that you use, Reek’s config and version, Ruby
version, Ruby platform (MRI, JRuby, etc.), operating system.

Try to provide a minimal example that reproduces the issue.
Extra kudos if you can write it as a failing test. :)

## Contributing features, bugfixes, documentation

### Getting started

Fork Reek, then clone it, make sure you have
[Bundler](http://bundler.io) installed, install dependencies
and make sure all of the existing tests pass:

```
git clone git@github.com:…username…/reek.git
cd reek
gem install bundler
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

Once you’re sure your copy of Reek works create your own feature branch from our "master" branch:

```
git checkout -b your_feature_or_fix_name
```

Make sure you have read our [style guide](docs/Style-Guide.md) before you
start contributing.

Then start hacking and add new tests which make sure that your new feature works or
demonstrate that your fix was needed.

### RSpec Specs

Reek uses [Rspec](http://rspec.info/) for unit and functional testing.

We're trying to follow [betterspecs](http://betterspecs.org/). We're not using
RSpec's
[shared examples](https://www.relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-core/docs/example-groups/shared-examples)
because we find them rather harming than helpful. You can find an excellent
cheat sheet on how to write idiomatic Rspec
[here](http://www.rubypigeon.com/posts/rspec-core-cheat-sheet).

We do not use the popular "foo" / "bar" naming when it comes to the question
"how to come up with good example names?". Instead, we use the
[military alphabet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NATO_phonetic_alphabet) in
ascending order which means that we would write this

```Ruby
class Foo
  def bar(baz)
    baz.quux
  end
end
```

rather like this:

```Ruby
class Alfa
  def bravo(charlie)
    charlie.delta
  end
end
```

We also aim to make our specs as self-reliant as possible. They should not rely on external sample
or configuration files since that makes it very hard to reason about them and introduces a tight coupling
which makes refactoring more difficult.

### Cucumber Features

Reek uses [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/) with
[Aruba](https://github.com/cucumber/aruba) for integration tests. Keep the
following in mind when writing cucumber features.

#### What to test

Not everything needs a cucumber feature. We try to limit cucumber features to
things that really require end-to-end testing of Reek's behavior. In
particular, this means individual smell detectors should not have their own
scenarios.

#### TTY output checks

Some default behaviors of Reek depend on whether the output is a TTY, for
example output coloring and the progress bar. Because under Aruba stdout is
*not* a TTY, Reeks default behavior in the scenarios is different in this
regard than if it were run in a terminal.

#### Failing Cucumber Scenarios

If there is a failing scenario and you cannot figure out why it is failing,
just run the failing scenario: `bundle exec cucumber
features/failing_scenario.feature:line`. By doing so Aruba will leave its set
up in the `tmp/aruba` directory. You can then `cd` into this directory and run
Reek the same way the cucumber scenario actually ran it. This way you can debug
scenario failures that can be very opaque sometimes.

### Writing new smell detectors

Please see [our separate guide](docs/How-To-Write-New-Detectors.md) for this.

### Creating your pull request

We care a lot about [good commit
messages](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

Once you’re happy with your feature / fix – or want to
share it as a work-in-progress and request comments – once
again make sure all of the tests pass. This will also run
[RuboCop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) – fix any
offences RuboCop finds (or discuss them in the pull request):

```
bundle exec rake
```

Once your code is ready for review push it to your repository:

```
git push -u origin
```

Then go to your GitHub fork and [make a pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)
to the original repository.

### Review and Fixes

Try to gauge and let us know in the pull request whether what
you propose is a backward-compatible bugfix and should go into the
next patch release, is a backward-compatible feature and should go
into the next minor release, or has to break backward-compatibility
and so needs to wait for the next major release of Reek. See also our
versioning policy below.

Once your PR is open someone will review it, discuss the details (if
needed) and either merge right away or ask for some further fixes.

GitHub doesn’t have a good way to amend pull requests from external
repositories. In cases where it’s easier to make a direct fix
to your pull request (rather than describing it in the comments)
we’ll either open a separate pull request to the branch in your
repository or ask you to give us commit access to your repository.

If there were any fixes to your pull request we’ll ask you to
[squash](http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History#Squashing-Commits)
all of the commits into one:

```
git rebase -i master
# squash squash squash
git push -f origin
```

## Versioning policy

We are following [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/).

If you're working on a change that is breaking backwards-compatibility
just go ahead with your pull request like normal. We'll discuss this then in
the pull request and help you to point your pull request to the right branch.
